new clear lake sandy beach loungers
inclement weather made its adjustments
despite this discovery the long awaited
facility took place a year and a half ago
Orange businessman had an idea
create an artificial reservoir
the main task of farmland irrigation
while near the reservoir only firing
melon crops but this winter
Andrei plans to build large
greenhouse complexes water injection comes from
Katuni on the lake installed modern
filtration system
so the main waterway
Republic protected from any pollution
designed rushes we earned
accordingly, the filter fields can be seen
irrigation fields at the base of this lake will be
children's swimming sections are also open
built health and fitness
complexes
in the future here plans to hold
various competitions including
water polo
I must say that the federation of this species
sport was created by our republic
most recently and on a new pond
held their first tournament athletes from
Gorno-Altaisk Biysk Barnaul
novosibirsk
now the ruble cup will be held
annually organizers emphasize 1 of
the task of the nation’s recovery project and
directly format co
efforts we plan to achieve what
people will more and more religion
resort to sport or only water
polo here will share a football field and
planned battles various gym
and
future near the new reservoir
there will be hotel and entertainment
complexes
the most expensive article creation
Infrastructure help in solving
financial issue promised
Republican authorities until October of this
years between the government and
entrepreneurs will be concluded
investment agreement with one with them
the development efforts of this project will take place
already do not separate you probably
some part of the cost of completion
infrastructure will take over
maybe some even pay
previous expenses which
the entrepreneur carried and created this
infrastructure
well and we hope that we will succeed means
help with interest rate compensation
guests will be here all year round
winter will put the hockey box will open
skate rental soon time if you go
major investors will build new
complexes
numbers will appear with it
instead if tea organizers project
called this place ruble when all
conceived implemented infrastructure
power change radically to socially
the development of the Chemal district will become
one step above janaki mentor jean saren
truth altar and Chemal district